feat: refactoring and type checking operators (#2700)
PrQL/prql: web/book/src/transforms/window.md

from employees
group department (
  sort age
  derive {rnk = rank age}
)
```

## Window functions as first class citizens

> There is no limitations where windowed expressions can be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no limitations on where windowed expressions can be used:
```

Reviewer: @aljazerzen  why not accept these?

Author: I did accept them?

Reviewer: Very sorry, I must have misread, and was thinking whether they were too refine-y...
